hi guys I'm Shmi and with best of the
best on a frozen lake in Sweden we're
having a bit of fun here with the
Carrera to SF relay nearly 400
horsepower another car but you can win
in the best of the best competition but
what we're doing here is doing donuts
it's a blue ball on the ground the guys
just having a guy that's gonna be my
turn next rather excited to say the
least no clue how this is going to work
I'm not that don't ansa know before not
to call like this so yeah let's have a
go we're no longer in the supermarket
car parks throughout on the name it's me
let's see what you can do
you
okay have you done that before long well
I wasn't quite expecting bad to go so
well but a fantastic i'm proud of myself
a lot of fun so yeah thnkx the best of
the best for having me out here of
course you can buy a ticket for their
competition you never know you might be
the winner of the Carrera 2's call you
in a trip an adventure like this yeah
it's been a lot of fun make sure you
check out all the other videos on my
channel and of course over on the best
of the best channel that's it for right
now I'll catch up with you again very
soon cheers